README.md, before:

# Cmsable
---------

Add inline editable content to pages.

## Installation

Add to your Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'cmsable'
```

Get Dependencies

    bundle install

Add to your routes

```ruby
  mount Cmsable::Engine => '/cmsable'
```

Install and run the migrations if you want to use the built in model

    rake cmsable:install:migrations
    rake db:migrate

Cmsable uses CanCan so make sure this is set up in your necessary controller(s)
If your users aren't called users then you'll get something like:

    undefined local variable or method `current_user' for ...

You need to define the current_ability, e.g.

```ruby
def current_ability
  @current_ability ||= AccountAbility.new(current_account)
end
```
(From https://github.com/ryanb/cancan/wiki/changing-defaults)

## Usage

### To use the built in model
In your view files

```ruby
<%= cms 'identifier' %>
```

Identifier can be any string or symbol, for example `'Homepage Intro'` or `:something`

For plain text areas pass `type: :plain` as an option.
This way you can put content in any tag you want without worrying about users
messing up the markup.

```ruby
<span><%= cms :identifier, type: :plain %></span>
```

The problem with the above is that in edit mode you'll end up with invalid HTML:

```html
<span><div contenteditable>Content</div></span>
```

To avoid this you can override the tag used in edit mode:

```ruby
<%= cms :identifier, type: :plain, tag: 'span' %>
```
Resulting in:
```html
<span contenteditable>Content</span>
```

### To use your own models
Add to your model:

```ruby
cms :body => :column_to_use_for_content
```

Then in your views:
```ruby
<%= cms @model_instance %>
```

## TODO
  - Allow classes on custom tags
  - Fix highlight so empty areas are still visible
  - Add image mode
  - Add file mode
  - Add video mode (youtube/vimeo/etc)
  - Add support for langs/i18n
  - Handle saving errors
  - Decouple ckeditor
  - Support different editors
  - Remove CanCan dependancy
  - Setup config initializer for added customizability

Commit message:

hack to get around development mode error

README.md, after:

# Cmsable
---------
Notes: This is a bit of bastardisation of codeindulgance's (https://github.com/codeindulgence) gem. This hack prevents an error in the development environment: "A copy of Cmsable::CmsableHelper has been removed from the module tree but is still active!". The error is caused by Rails unloading loaded classes in the dev environment.

Add inline editable content to pages.

## Installation

Add to your Gemfile

```ruby
gem 'cmsable'
```

Get Dependencies

    bundle install

Add to your routes

```ruby
  mount Cmsable::Engine => '/cmsable'
```

Add to your application_helper.rb
```ruby
  include Cmsable::CmsableHelper
```

Install and run the migrations if you want to use the built in model

    rake cmsable:install:migrations
    rake db:migrate

Cmsable uses CanCan so make sure this is set up in your necessary controller(s)
If your users aren't called users then you'll get something like:

    undefined local variable or method `current_user' for ...

You need to define the current_ability, e.g.

```ruby
def current_ability
  @current_ability ||= AccountAbility.new(current_account)
end
```
(From https://github.com/ryanb/cancan/wiki/changing-defaults)

## Usage

### To use the built in model
In your view files

```ruby
<%= cms 'identifier' %>
```

Identifier can be any string or symbol, for example `'Homepage Intro'` or `:something`

For plain text areas pass `type: :plain` as an option.
This way you can put content in any tag you want without worrying about users
messing up the markup.

```ruby
<span><%= cms :identifier, type: :plain %></span>
```

The problem with the above is that in edit mode you'll end up with invalid HTML:

```html
<span><div contenteditable>Content</div></span>
```

To avoid this you can override the tag used in edit mode:

```ruby
<%= cms :identifier, type: :plain, tag: 'span' %>
```
Resulting in:
```html
<span contenteditable>Content</span>
```

### To use your own models
Add to your model:

```ruby
cms :body => :column_to_use_for_content
```

Then in your views:
```ruby
<%= cms @model_instance %>
```

## TODO
  - Allow classes on custom tags
  - Fix highlight so empty areas are still visible
  - Add image mode
  - Add file mode
  - Add video mode (youtube/vimeo/etc)
  - Add support for langs/i18n
  - Handle saving errors
  - Decouple ckeditor
  - Support different editors
  - Remove CanCan dependancy
  - Setup config initializer for added customizability
